README.md, before:

# Awesome Startup Resources [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/master/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of useful resources for building a new startup business.

*Please read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before contributing.*

## Contents

- [Legal](#legal)
- [Investment](#investment)
- [Books](#books)
- [Blogs](#blogs)
- [Community](#community)
- [Office & Workspace](#office--workspace)

## Legal

- [Canadian-ized (Ontario) WordPress.com Terms of Use](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/canadianized-wordpress-terms-of-use/)
- [Common Stock Purchase Agreement (with Vesting)](http://www.docracy.com/5346/common-stock-purchase-agreement-with-vesting-)
- [Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Non-Solicitation Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-confidentiality-and-invention-agreement/)
- [Confidentiality Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-confidentiality-agreement/)
- [Convertible Note Term Sheet](http://www.docracy.com/2740/convertible-note-term-sheet-template-)
- [Employment Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-employment-agreement/)
- [Founder/ Advisor Standard Template](http://fi.co/FAST)
- [Founder Collaboration Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/22l87i92e9/founder-collaboration-agreement)
- [Founders' Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/6348/founders-agreement-template)
- [Independent Contractor Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-simple-independent-contractor-agreement/)
- [Memorandum of Terms For Sale of Convertible Promissory Notes](http://www.docracy.com/5976/memorandum-of-terms-for-sale-of-convertible-promissory-notes)
- [Mutual Confidentiality Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-mutual-confidentiality-agreement/)
- [Restricted Confidentiality Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-restricted-confidentiality-agreement/)

### [Series Seed](http://www.seriesseed.com/)

> a standardized set of legal documents that can be quickly and easily deployed for a seed investment round.

- [Certificate of Incorporation](https://github.com/seriesseed/equity/blob/master/Series%20Seed%20-%20Restated%20Certificate%20of%20Incorporation.md)
- [Stock Investment Agreement](https://github.com/seriesseed/equity/blob/master/Series%20Seed%20-%20Preferred%20Stock%20Investment%20Agreement.md)
- [Term Sheet](https://github.com/seriesseed/equity/blob/master/Series%20Seed%20-%20Term%20Sheet.md)

### [Techstars](http://techstarswp.wpengine.com/docs/)

> (Open Sourced) Model Seed Financing Documents

- Equity Financing Structure
  - [Board Member Election Consent](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/techstars-model-series-aa-board-member-election-consent1.doc)
  - [Bylaws](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/techstars-series-aa-model-bylaws1.doc)
  - [Restated Articles of incorporation](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/techstars-series-aa-amended-and-restated-articles-of-incorporation1.doc)  
  - [Subscription Agreement](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/techstars-model-series-aa-subscription-agreement1.doc)
- Debt Financing Structure
  - [Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/TechStars_Bridge_Forms_-_Note_Purchase_Agreement1.doc)
  - [Convertible Promissory Note Term Sheet](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/TechStars_Bridge_Term_Sheet1.doc)
  - [Convertible Promissory Note](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/TechStars_Bridge_Forms_-_Convertible_Note1.doc)

### [Y-Combinator](https://www.ycombinator.com/documents/)

- [Simple Agreement for Future Equity](https://www.ycombinator.com/documents/#safe)
  - [Safe Primer](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_Primer.rtf)
  - [Safe: Cap, no Discount](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_Cap.rtf)
  - [Safe: Discount, no Cap](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_Discount.rtf)
  - [Safe: Cap and Discount](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_Cap_Discount.rtf)
  - [Safe: MFN, no Cap, no Discount](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_MFN.rtf)
- [Sales Agreement](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/YC_Form_SaaS_Agreement.doc)
- [Series AA Board Consent](https://www.docracy.com/8/y-combinator-series-aa-board-consent)
- [Series AA Investors’ Rights Agreement](https://www.docracy.com/11/y-combinator-series-aa-investors-rights-agreement)
- [Series AA Restated Certificate of Incorporation](https://www.docracy.com/10/y-combinator-series-aa-restated-certificate-of-incorporation)
- [Series AA Stock Purchase Agreement](https://www.docracy.com/7/y-combinator-series-aa-stock-purchase-agreement)
- [Series AA Stockholder Consent](https://www.docracy.com/9/y-combinator-series-aa-stockholder-consent)
- [Series AA Termsheet](https://www.docracy.com/5/y-combinator-series-aa-termsheet-)

### Foundry Group

- [Bylaws](http://www.docracy.com/17/foundry-group-standard-bylaws)
- [Certificate of Incorporation](http://www.docracy.com/18/foundry-group-standard-certificate-of-incorporation)
- [Co-Sale Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/20/foundry-group-standard-co-sale-agreement)
- [Investor Rights Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/21/foundry-group-standard-investor-rights-agreement)
- [Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/22/foundry-group-standard-series-a-preferred-stock-purchase-agreement)
- [Termsheet](http://www.docracy.com/23/foundry-group-standard-termsheet)
- [Voting Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/19/foundry-group-voting-agreement)

## Investment

- [Awesome Incubators](https://github.com/ahmadnassri/awesome-incubators) - A curated list of startup incubators around the globe.
- [Awesome Accelerators](https://github.com/ahmadnassri/awesome-accelerators) - A curated list of startup accelerators around the globe.
- [Seed-DB](http://www.seed-db.com/) - A database of seed accelerators and their companies.

## Books

- [Venture Deals](https://www.amazon.com/Venture-Deals-Smarter-Lawyer-Capitalist-ebook/dp/B00AO2PWOI/ref=as_li_ss_tl?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1469505159&sr=1-1&keywords=venture+deals&linkCode=sl1&tag=starturevolu-20&linkId=5ace8b39878732c85902c4841fb8178f) - outlines the essential elements of the venture capital term sheet—from terms related to economics to terms related to control.
- [Do More Faster](https://www.amazon.com/Do-More-Faster-TechStars-Accelerate/dp/0470929839/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1309989225&sr=8-1) - A collection of advice that comes from individuals who have passed through, or are part of [TechStars](http://www.techstars.com/)

## Blogs

- [Ask The VC](http://www.askthevc.com/) - All five managing directors of [Foundry Group](http://www.foundrygroup.com/team) blog about what entrepreneurs want to know about.
  - [Convertible Debt Series](http://www.askthevc.com/archives/category/convertible-debt-2) - Series of articles specifically focused on Convertible Debt.
- [Feld Thoughts](http://www.feld.com/) - Blog by Brad Feld, an early stage investor and entrepreneur since 1987.
  - [Term Sheet Series](http://www.feld.com/archives/category/term-sheet) - Blog series on Term Sheet

## Office & Workspace

- [Awesome Co-Working](https://github.com/ahmadnassri/awesome-coworking/) - A curated list of co-working spaces around the globe.
- [Workfrom](https://workfrom.co) - Find and share the best coffee shops, cafes, bars, coworking and other work-friendly spaces in cities and towns everywhere.
- [ShareDesk](https://www.sharedesk.net/) - Book from thousands of unique work and meeting spaces.
- [Nomad List](https://nomadlist.com/toronto-canada/places-to-work) - Nomad List finds you the best places in the world to live and work remotely

## Community

- [Tech Masters](https://techmasters.chat/) - online community tying together a diverse and passionate group of technologists, entrepreneurs, and developers from all around the world.

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Ahmad Nassri](https://www.ahmadnassri.com.com) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

----
> Ahmad Nassri: [www.ahmadnassri.com](https://www.ahmadnassri.com/) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> Github: [@ahmadnassri](https://github.com/ahmadnassri) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> Twitter: [@ahmadnassri](https://twitter.com/ahmadnassri)

Commit message:

feat: add Canadian funding and grants resources

README.md, after:

# Awesome Startup Resources [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/master/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of useful resources for building a new startup business.

*Please read the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before contributing.*

## Contents

- [Legal](#legal)
- [Investment](#investment)
- [Bursaries and Loans](#bursaries-and-loans)
- [Books](#books)
- [Blogs](#blogs)
- [Community](#community)
- [Office & Workspace](#office--workspace)

## Legal

- [Canadian-ized (Ontario) WordPress.com Terms of Use](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/canadianized-wordpress-terms-of-use/)
- [Common Stock Purchase Agreement (with Vesting)](http://www.docracy.com/5346/common-stock-purchase-agreement-with-vesting-)
- [Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Non-Solicitation Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-confidentiality-and-invention-agreement/)
- [Confidentiality Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-confidentiality-agreement/)
- [Convertible Note Term Sheet](http://www.docracy.com/2740/convertible-note-term-sheet-template-)
- [Employment Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-employment-agreement/)
- [Founder/ Advisor Standard Template](http://fi.co/FAST)
- [Founder Collaboration Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/22l87i92e9/founder-collaboration-agreement)
- [Founders' Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/6348/founders-agreement-template)
- [Independent Contractor Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-simple-independent-contractor-agreement/)
- [Memorandum of Terms For Sale of Convertible Promissory Notes](http://www.docracy.com/5976/memorandum-of-terms-for-sale-of-convertible-promissory-notes)
- [Mutual Confidentiality Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-mutual-confidentiality-agreement/)
- [Restricted Confidentiality Agreement](http://hyndmanlaw.com/blog/form-of-restricted-confidentiality-agreement/)

### [Series Seed](http://www.seriesseed.com/)

> a standardized set of legal documents that can be quickly and easily deployed for a seed investment round.

- [Certificate of Incorporation](https://github.com/seriesseed/equity/blob/master/Series%20Seed%20-%20Restated%20Certificate%20of%20Incorporation.md)
- [Stock Investment Agreement](https://github.com/seriesseed/equity/blob/master/Series%20Seed%20-%20Preferred%20Stock%20Investment%20Agreement.md)
- [Term Sheet](https://github.com/seriesseed/equity/blob/master/Series%20Seed%20-%20Term%20Sheet.md)

### [Techstars](http://techstarswp.wpengine.com/docs/)

> (Open Sourced) Model Seed Financing Documents

- Equity Financing Structure
  - [Board Member Election Consent](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/techstars-model-series-aa-board-member-election-consent1.doc)
  - [Bylaws](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/techstars-series-aa-model-bylaws1.doc)
  - [Restated Articles of incorporation](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/techstars-series-aa-amended-and-restated-articles-of-incorporation1.doc)  
  - [Subscription Agreement](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/techstars-model-series-aa-subscription-agreement1.doc)
- Debt Financing Structure
  - [Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/TechStars_Bridge_Forms_-_Note_Purchase_Agreement1.doc)
  - [Convertible Promissory Note Term Sheet](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/TechStars_Bridge_Term_Sheet1.doc)
  - [Convertible Promissory Note](http://www.techstars.com/uploads/TechStars_Bridge_Forms_-_Convertible_Note1.doc)


### [Y-Combinator](https://www.ycombinator.com/documents/)

- [Simple Agreement for Future Equity](https://www.ycombinator.com/documents/#safe)
  - [Safe Primer](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_Primer.rtf)
  - [Safe: Cap, no Discount](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_Cap.rtf)
  - [Safe: Discount, no Cap](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_Discount.rtf)
  - [Safe: Cap and Discount](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_Cap_Discount.rtf)
  - [Safe: MFN, no Cap, no Discount](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/SAFE_MFN.rtf)
- [Sales Agreement](https://www.ycombinator.com/docs/YC_Form_SaaS_Agreement.doc)
- [Series AA Board Consent](https://www.docracy.com/8/y-combinator-series-aa-board-consent)
- [Series AA Investors’ Rights Agreement](https://www.docracy.com/11/y-combinator-series-aa-investors-rights-agreement)
- [Series AA Restated Certificate of Incorporation](https://www.docracy.com/10/y-combinator-series-aa-restated-certificate-of-incorporation)
- [Series AA Stock Purchase Agreement](https://www.docracy.com/7/y-combinator-series-aa-stock-purchase-agreement)
- [Series AA Stockholder Consent](https://www.docracy.com/9/y-combinator-series-aa-stockholder-consent)
- [Series AA Termsheet](https://www.docracy.com/5/y-combinator-series-aa-termsheet-)

### Foundry Group

- [Bylaws](http://www.docracy.com/17/foundry-group-standard-bylaws)
- [Certificate of Incorporation](http://www.docracy.com/18/foundry-group-standard-certificate-of-incorporation)
- [Co-Sale Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/20/foundry-group-standard-co-sale-agreement)
- [Investor Rights Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/21/foundry-group-standard-investor-rights-agreement)
- [Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/22/foundry-group-standard-series-a-preferred-stock-purchase-agreement)
- [Termsheet](http://www.docracy.com/23/foundry-group-standard-termsheet)
- [Voting Agreement](http://www.docracy.com/19/foundry-group-voting-agreement)

## Investment

- [Awesome Incubators](https://github.com/ahmadnassri/awesome-incubators) - A curated list of startup incubators around the globe.
- [Awesome Accelerators](https://github.com/ahmadnassri/awesome-accelerators) - A curated list of startup accelerators around the globe.
- [Seed-DB](http://www.seed-db.com/) - A database of seed accelerators and their companies.

## Bursaries and Loans

- [Canada Business Network: Grants and Financing](http://canadabusiness.ca/grants-and-financing/F-S1/) - Grants, loans, tax refunds, wage subsidies, and more for Canadian businesses and non-profits.
- [MaRS: Funding Portal Search Tool](https://www.marsdd.com/funding/search/) - Access funding programs for businesses, non-profits, charities and research institutions.

## Books

- [Venture Deals](https://www.amazon.com/Venture-Deals-Smarter-Lawyer-Capitalist-ebook/dp/B00AO2PWOI/ref=as_li_ss_tl?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1469505159&sr=1-1&keywords=venture+deals&linkCode=sl1&tag=starturevolu-20&linkId=5ace8b39878732c85902c4841fb8178f) - outlines the essential elements of the venture capital term sheet—from terms related to economics to terms related to control.
- [Do More Faster](https://www.amazon.com/Do-More-Faster-TechStars-Accelerate/dp/0470929839/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1309989225&sr=8-1) - A collection of advice that comes from individuals who have passed through, or are part of [TechStars](http://www.techstars.com/)

## Blogs

- [Ask The VC](http://www.askthevc.com/) - All five managing directors of [Foundry Group](http://www.foundrygroup.com/team) blog about what entrepreneurs want to know about.
  - [Convertible Debt Series](http://www.askthevc.com/archives/category/convertible-debt-2) - Series of articles specifically focused on Convertible Debt.
- [Feld Thoughts](http://www.feld.com/) - Blog by Brad Feld, an early stage investor and entrepreneur since 1987.
  - [Term Sheet Series](http://www.feld.com/archives/category/term-sheet) - Blog series on Term Sheet

## Office & Workspace

- [Awesome Co-Working](https://github.com/ahmadnassri/awesome-coworking/) - A curated list of co-working spaces around the globe.
- [Workfrom](https://workfrom.co) - Find and share the best coffee shops, cafes, bars, coworking and other work-friendly spaces in cities and towns everywhere.
- [ShareDesk](https://www.sharedesk.net/) - Book from thousands of unique work and meeting spaces.
- [Nomad List](https://nomadlist.com/toronto-canada/places-to-work) - Nomad List finds you the best places in the world to live and work remotely

## Community

- [Tech Masters](https://techmasters.chat/) - online community tying together a diverse and passionate group of technologists, entrepreneurs, and developers from all around the world.

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Ahmad Nassri](https://www.ahmadnassri.com.com) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

----
> Ahmad Nassri: [www.ahmadnassri.com](https://www.ahmadnassri.com/) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> Github: [@ahmadnassri](https://github.com/ahmadnassri) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
> Twitter: [@ahmadnassri](https://twitter.com/ahmadnassri)
